{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 If CocoaPods not install in mac machine.
\f1\b0 \
\

\f2 1) Open terminal and type:
\f1 \

\f2 sudo gem install -n /usr/local/bin cocoapods
\f1 \
\

\f2 2) After installation, there will be a lot of messages, read them and if no error found, it means cocoapods installation is done. Next, you need to setup the cocoapods master repo. Type in terminal:
\f1 \

\f2 pod setup
\f1 \

\f2 And wait it will download the master repo. The size is very big. So it can be a while.
\f1 \
\

\f2 3) Once done it will output "Setup Complete".
\f1 \

\f2 4) Then in terminal cd to "your XCode project root directory" (where your\'a0.xcodeproj\'a0file resides).
\f1 \

\f2 5) Then install pods into your project by typing in terminal:
\f1 \

\f2 pod install
\f1 \

\f2 Once completed, there will be a message that says
\f1 \

\f2 "Pod installation complete! There are X dependencies from the Podfile and X total pods installed."
\f1 \

\f2 Now close your Xcode project. Then\'a0locate\'a0and open the\'a0.xcworkspace\'a0Xcode project file and run project.
\f1 \
\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\

\f0\b If CocoaPods already install in mac machine.
\f1\b0 \
\

\f2 1) Open terminal and cd to "your XCode project root directory" (where your\'a0.xcodeproj\'a0file resides).
\f1 \

\f2 2) Then install pods into your project by typing in terminal:
\f1 \

\f2 pod install
\f1 \

\f2 Once completed, there will be a message that says
\f1 \

\f2 "Pod installation complete! There are X dependencies from the Podfile and X total pods installed."
\f1 \

\f2 Now close your Xcode project. Then\'a0locate\'a0and open the\'a0.xcworkspace\'a0Xcode project file and run project.
\f1 \
}